Update virtual-networks-overview.md (#123521)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-network/virtual-networks-overview.md

- **Virtual network**: You can deploy VMs and other types of Azure resources in a virtual network. Examples of resources include App Service Environments, Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), and Azure Virtual Machine Scale Sets. To view a complete list of Azure resources that you can deploy in a virtual network, see [Deploy dedicated Azure services into virtual networks](virtual-network-for-azure-services.md).

> [!NOTE]  

> > To move a VM from one virtual network to another, you need to delete and recreate the VM in the new virtual network. However, you can keep VM's disks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To move a virtual machine from one virtual network to another, you must delete and recreate the virtual machine in the new virtual network.  The virtual machine's disks can be retained for use in the new virtual machine.
```
